docs: description to customize the primer bed file (#450)
IKIM-Essen/uncovar: docs/user-guide/configuration.md

| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ---------- | ---------------- | ---------- | ---------------- |
| example-1   | PATH/TO/fq1 | PATH/TO/fq2 | 1970-01-01 | 0                | illumina   | revelo-rna-seq   |
| example-2   | PATH/TO/fq  | PATH/TO/fq2 | 1970-01-01 | 1                | illumina   | nimagen-easy-seq |

### Customize primer bed file

> The default primer file is a bed file from https://github.com/artic-network/artic-ncov2019/tree/master/primer_schemes/nCoV-2019/V3. To use a custom primer file, you must save this file in a bed format under resources. Also, the path to this file must be changed in config.yaml. Go to the config folder and open config.yaml. In the "preprocessing" subcategory, change the path after "amplicon-primers" to the path where your primer file can be found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When processing amplicon samples by default the ARTIC primers ([v3](https://github.com/artic-network/artic-ncov2019/tree/master/primer_schemes/nCoV-2019/V3)) are removed. To use a custom primer file, you must save this file in a bed format under resources. Also, the path to this file must be changed in config.yaml. Go to the config folder and open config.yaml. In the "preprocessing" subcategory, change the path after "amplicon-primers" to the path where your primer file can be found.
```

> The default primer file is a bed file from https://github.com/artic-network/artic-ncov2019/tree/master/primer_schemes/nCoV-2019/V3. To use a custom primer file, you must save this file in a bed format under resources. Also, the path to this file must be changed in config.yaml. Go to the config folder and open config.yaml. In the "preprocessing" subcategory, change the path after "amplicon-primers" to the path where your primer file can be found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default primer file is a bed file from https://github.com/artic-network/artic-ncov2019/tree/master/primer_schemes/nCoV-2019/V3. This primer clipping can be customized. First, the custom primers must be saved in bed format. Next, the path to this file must be changed in the config. Go to the config folder and open config.yaml. In the "preprocessing" subcategory, change the path after "amplicon-primers" to the path where your primer file can be found.
```

Reviewer 2: I vote for the 2nd suggestion
